
## My Q&A Answers


0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

	> An invented long word said to mean a lung disease caused by
    inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.


1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?

	> According to its man page, 'getrusage' returns a structure
    containing information about the resources utilized by a
    process (time, memory, etc...).


2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable
	of type struct rusage?

	> 16 members.


3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference
	(instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re
	not changing their contents?

	> Dunno. Curious to find out.


4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more,
	how main goes about reading words from a file. In other
	words, convince us that you indeed understand how that
	function’s for loop works.

	> We read in a character, check whether
    or not the character is the 'EOF'
    character, and only if it isn't
    will we run the loop.

        a) We check to see if the character is an alphabetical
        character, if so we will store the letter in a string
        placing it at whatever index we currently are in
        that string.

            Then we check if the length of the word exceeds 45
            characters (the biggest length we decided to accept
            for a word), if it does we will 'consume the rest
            of the word', that is we will ignore the word and
            move on to the next one.

        b) Else if the character is a not an alphabetical
        character, but rather a digit character then we
        consume the rest of the 'word', that is we will
        ignore the word and move on to the next one.

        c) Else, if the character is not alpha-numeric,
        and the length of the word (i.e 'index') is
        greater than 0, then we must of found a word,
        in which case we null terminate the word &
        send it off to our function 'check', it
        will return 0 if the word is not misspelled
        & 1 if it is.

        If the word is misspelled, we will print the
        word out to screen.

        Finally we reset 'index' to 0.


5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s
	characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with
	a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a
	time? Put another way, what problems might arise by
	relying on fscanf alone?

	> Because we cannot monitor the length of the string
	nor the characters that are present therein (ex: we
	don't want digit characters; we only want strings
	that are =< 45 characters in length); reading in
	each word character by character allows us to get
	only the valid words and ignore the invalid ones.


6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check
	and load as const (which means "constant")?

	> Perhaps to make extra sure that when we're
	handling the strings we do not in anyway alter
	the strings.
